Report.md, before:

## <div align='center'>ISDM Project Report - Group 8 </div>


### <div align='center'>Problem Definition</div>
#### Project Outline
This report proposes a preliminary design for the implementation of a in-house call management center (CMC) information system. The development of this system is in response to pre-existing flaws in the current phone operations of a major travel agency. These flaws include the suitability of employees matched with customers, waiting time of customers, and sales time provided by employees. Our proposed system intends to provide functionality to match customers with employers most similar to their needs and socio-cultural background. By matching employees with suitable customers, not only is customer satisfaction expected to increase, but wait and sales times will sharply decrease when a customer can be targetted on a personal level. The proposed system intends to take advantage of existing company tools including the customer *'Profiler Tool'*, inbound *'Automatic Call Distributor'*, and of course the existing database.

#### Key Stakeholders
For the purposes of designing our improved system, our team recognizes the following stakeholders:  
- Relationship Manager (RM)
- Customer    


- Outline project objectives
    + Systems Analysis
- UML
    + Needs empathy maps
    + Needs POV statements
    + Begin creating issues for backlog in project boards

### <div align='center'> Project Approach </div>

- Reflection(text) that describes any assumptions made
    + Should describe our approach from design thinking perspective
    + Brainstorming
- explain agile methodology used
    + Describe scrum
    + Outline activities from scrum we have chosen to use.
- Develop POV statements into HMW statements
- Backlog must be created
- Meaningful Commits Made

### Workproducts
- Descriptions and diagrams
- Use to mark off issues
    + Use Case Diagrams
    + Activity Diagrams
    + Class Diagrams
    + Collaborative diagrams

### Competitive Advantages

- Potential benefits of our new system
- Adverse effects for business if our system fails

Commit message:

Updated problem definition. Report now displays empathy maps. Table create for problem objectives to fulfill during POV statements.

Report.md, after:

## <div align='center'>ISDM Project Report - Group 8 </div>


### <div align='center'>Problem Definition</div>
#### Project Outline
This report proposes a preliminary design for the implementation of a in-house call management center (CMC) information system. The development of this system is in response to pre-existing flaws in the current phone operations of a major travel agency. These flaws include the suitability of employees matched with customers, waiting time of customers, and sales time provided by employees. Our proposed system intends to provide functionality to match customers with employers most similar to their needs and socio-cultural background. By matching employees with suitable customers, not only is customer satisfaction expected to increase, but wait and sales times will sharply decrease when a customer can be targetted on a personal level. The proposed system intends to take advantage of existing company tools including the customer *'Profiler Tool'*, inbound *'Automatic Call Distributor'*, and of course the existing database.

#### Key Stakeholders
Our team wishes to focus specifically on the 'Customer' and 'Relationship Manager' (RM) stakeholders to design an improved call system. The following is an analysis empathizing with each stakeholder's point-of-view:
- Customer  
<img style="float: center;">

![](https://github.com/Cormac-H/ISDM-Assignment1/blob/master/Customer%20Empathy%20Map.jpeg?raw=true "Customer Empathy Map")
</img>
- Relationship Manager (RM)
<img style="float: center;">

![](https://github.com/Cormac-H/ISDM-Assignment1/blob/master/RM%20Empathy%20Map.jpeg?raw=true "Relationship Manager Empathy Map")
</img>


### <div align='center'> Project Approach </div>

- Reflection(text) that describes any assumptions made
    + Should describe our approach from design thinking perspective
    + Brainstorming
- explain agile methodology used
    + Describe scrum
    + Outline activities from scrum we have chosen to use.
- Develop POV statements into HMW statements
- Backlog must be created
- Meaningful Commits Made



#### Outline project objectives
In order for the system to be considered successful, it should address as many potential existing issues as possible, and have sufficient reason for not doing so. Criteria of both identified problems and acceptance testing for them have been created below.
<center>

| Issues        | Acceptance Criteria |
| :------------ |:-------------------| 
| col 3 is      | right-aligned | 
| col 2 is      | centered      |  
     

</center>

### Workproducts
- Descriptions and diagrams
- Use to mark off issues
    + Use Case Diagrams
    + Activity Diagrams
    + Class Diagrams
    + Collaborative diagrams

### Competitive Advantages

- Potential benefits of our new system
- Adverse effects for business if our system fails
